having sex is something that must be
done by married couples
because not only to fulfill their
desires having sex can make household
relationships more harmonious
if this is not done then the events in
this film could have happened
the film opens with the scene of a young
woman drying her blankets
in which the woman is named yuemikami
who is a newly married young housewife
at that time the house bell rang and
after yua opened the door
it turned out that it was han one of her
husband's men
han came with the intention of meeting
you as husband but yua said her husband
is not at home
and she offered han to come in first
because han was here apparently
yua asked for help so that han helped
her look for items in the cupboard
han also helped yua but the items were
not found
finally after making sure yua didn't
need help anymore
han said goodbye to go home
at night yua cooked for her husband
at the dinner table you can see that you
as husband is much older than yua
his name is hitomi hitomi complimented
his wife's cooking which was so good
that you were blushed
after dinner yua took a shower and
prepared to sleep with her husband
however she was very disappointed to see
her husband sleeping first
so they both could not have an
intercourse
the next day ewa's husband came home in
the rain and was drunk
however he did not go home alone hitomi
went home with his employee
han by chance han and hitomi were
drinking together
but because his boss was so drunk han
decided to take him home
the half conscious hitomi didn't allow
han to go home because they were going
to have another drink
after drinking together again and hitomi
was unconscious
yuwa brought her husband into the room
assisted by han
han who had been interested in yua from
the beginning invited her to sleep
together
and you accepted han's invitation
without hesitation
then the film moves to the scene where
ewa brings tea to her husband who is
working
yua told her husband not to work too
hard and take time off to take a
vacation
hitomi agrees and plans to invite han to
come on vacation with them
yua who heard this was really happy
because this means she can do it again
with han
while on vacation it turned out that
hitomi not only invited han
but he also invited another employee
named lee
they rented an in in a mountainous area
and there as usual
hitomi took the two employees for drinks
after drinking and getting drunk hitomi
decided to sleep
first then han and yua used this to
repeat the incident some time ago at
hitomi's house
upon their return from vacation han and
yua slept together several times
if the opportunity arises it doesn't
even matter if hitomi is there
one night yuwa hitomi han and lee eat
and get drunk together at hitomi's house
while eating yua groped lee then lee was
shocked and tried to hold back his voice
so as not to be caught
at the end of the film hitomi and lee
are seen getting drunk and unconscious
this opportunity was used again by yua
and han to have fun
and the film was over ok that's the
synopsis of the film this time
hopefully this film can be the right
film recommendation for all of you to
watch
thank you for watching don't forget to
like share subscribe or follow this
channel so you can get recommendations
for other exciting films
[Music]